So I'll go to the product overview screen because before I add a navigator I want to be able to at least
see something on that screen.
And therefore here we now need to import use selector from react read X because Dad will allow us to
tap into the redux store and get our products from there.
So here in the end what we can do is we can get our product and store them in a constant products by
calling use selector.
And as you learned in the previous module about state management and Redux use selector takes a function
which automatically receives the state the redux state as I input and which then returns whatever data
you want to get from there.
And there in the regex state.
I want to tap into my products slice and you have to use the name you use here and combine road users
to get this data to data managed with the products where the user.
So you're I'll say state products and now in that slice of our state I want to get away label products
so let's get dot available products here.
And this is this short arrow function syntax where the part on the right side of the arrow is automatically
returned.
So that's what's now stored in products and data for here on the flat list.
We can of course set the data prop equal to our products here which we selected because that will be
an array and that's exactly what data needs.
I will also add two key extractor here depending on the wording of reignite if you're using you won't
need this because every product in our app has an I.D. and newer versions of flat list also look for
I.D. and not just for a key key but in case you are working with an older version then you need to set
up this key extractor function.
And this takes a function which gives you the item it's looking at and you need to tell it what should
be your unique key on that item and of course that's item dot I.D..
Again newer wordings of React Native don't need that now with that we also need to provide the render
item prop which points at a function debt renders our different list items and inhere here I'll start
simple and we'll refine this later and for the moment I'll just import the the text component from React
Native and output the title of the product in a text component.
So here we get our item data and the return value of that function which we have to provide to render
item should return.
Well j is X element in the Indians.
So here I will return a text element and in their output item data dot item dot title and I can do this
because item data is received by req native does has the item prop that's also something rec native
gives you and each item here of course is just one item in our products.
So therefore it is of this type of data and therefore it has a title prop of course because that is
what I'm assigning here.
So we will have a title prop here which I can output and of course this is not the final form of how
a product should look like in the list but it is what I use to get started so that we see something
on the screen with Dad talking off the screen it's of course time to set up the navigator so that we
can really see something on the screen and that we have screens.
Hence here in the navigation folder I'll add my shop navigator dot jazz file and in there will add a
bunch of navigation for this module so we'll definitely need to import from reactive navigation and
I will of course start simple with the normal stack Navigator which we can create with the help of the
Create stack navigator function and then we'll simply trade this year and I'll name it the product's
navigator.
That's what I store here.
The result of create stack navigator and the result is a react component if you remember and if you
all remember create stack navigator takes a javascript object as the first argument where we map screen
identifiers to react components that should be loaded as screens.
So here of course I will start with the product overview screen and I import dad from the screens folder
and there from the shop part and there from the products overview screen file and they offer the first
thing I want to map in this stack.
Navigator here is products overview or however you want to name this which is mapped to products or
view screen.
Now of course for this stack Navigator which will eventually have multiple screens I'll also pass a
second argument to create stack Navigator which is object that allows us to configure the entire navigator
and there we can for example set up default navigation options for every screen and there I want to
set up my my head her background color and so on.
So you're all set up a javascript object where I can set the headers style to an ever jousted object
where we can set the background color to any color of your choice.
And that's now where the constants folder will come into play where I will add a colors jazz file rise
simply want to export a default javascript object with a primary color and accent color and you can
name these keys whatever you want.
And now I selected some nice colors which I want to use here but you can use whichever color you want.
My primary color will be having us hex code of see 2 1 8 5 b and d Axon color has a hex code of F F
C 1 0 7.
Now they offer back in the shop navigator we can import from that Constance folder still from colors
which we find in the constants folder like this and then here the background color.
I'll set up for a header style here is color start.
Primary now with that.
EDIT I'll also add a header tint color which colors the title text for example and I'll set this to
white because this primary color which is set up is like a pretty strong pink reddish color and therefore
White is the color we should use so that it's clearly readable and I actually want to differ regarding
how to head or looks like based on the platform we're running on.
So it's time to import platform from react native and one side note here in this practice app I will
actually not focus too much on platform differences and responsive design.
I will do it to a certain extent so that there is some basic difference between the different platforms
and that the app looks good on different device sizes.
But I will not tested on a broad variety of device sizes.
You'll learn everything you need to make it as responsive as possible.
So definitely feel free to always tweak this more than I do it here in this module.
In the end I just want to make sure that this module doesn't take hundreds of hours.
Therefore I'll keep this to a minimum.
With that set platform here seems to be important to me because I really want to have a different look
on the header based on whether we're running on IAW or Android.
So the background color is actually not always the primary color but instead I will only set this if
the operating system we're running on is Android.
Otherwise I'll set back one color to an empty string which means the default will be taken and de offer
for the header tint color.
This also should only be white.
If we're on Android otherwise I'll not set it to an empty string though but instead I want to use the
primary color as a text color on Iaw.
So if we're not an android with that the products navigator is set up.
Now as you'll learn in the navigation module you don't exports does navigator.
Instead you wrap this in an app container which you create with the create app container function you
get from react navigation.
So here we can now export default create app container and pass in the products navigator like this.
This is now the export navigation setup.
And this is what we can now use an app chars.
So in app J.S. we can now import our shop navigator from
navigation shop navigator and that's now what I use inside of my provider tax here.
So the shop navigator like this does all the means that we can get rid of these reignite of imports
because we use non of these react native components in this component anywhere with all that work we
should now be able to actually run our app and hopefully land on the products overview screen where
we see a basic and styled list of product titles.
So if I save that now save all these changes and you make sure that you have NPM start running and you
have emulators up and running where you'll load this.
I get an error that object is not a constructor evaluating new product default.
The problem should be that in my model folder here I forgot to export my product class as a default.
That of course needs to be added here.
Otherwise you can't import from this fall.
Makes sense.
So now it is works now indeed here.
I see my product titles.
We all see the different header.
What we don't see is a header title because I haven't added any hence in the products overview screen
we can of course add our special screen only navigation options which will be merged with the default
navigation options we set up directly on the navigator by using products overview screen are a constant
here which holds are a component and adding the navigation options property.
And here we can use static navigation options for the moment add a header title and set this to all
products for example.
And if we now as safeties we see all products here in the header.
So this is now actually looking decent we can see our products.
Of course these products do not really look the way they should look.
So the next step will be to make sure that here we actually do get the look we need in this application.